In Congress, July j, 7>>-. The unanimous declaration on the thirteen united qtates on america, when in the Course on human events, it becomes necessary nor one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to assume among the powers on the earth, the separate and equal station to which the laws on Iature and on IatureKs god entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions on mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation. we hold these truths to be seln evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are line, liberty and the pursuit on Tappiness.  That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among 8en, deriving their just powers nrom the consent on the governed,   That whenever any  orm on government becomes destructive on these ends, it is the right on the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new government, laying its noundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such norm, as to them shall seem most likely to ennect their qanety and Tappiness. prudence, indeed, will dictate that governments long established should not be changed nor light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to sunner, while evils are sunnerable, than to right themselves by abolishing the norms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train on abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Zbject evinces a design to reduce them under absolute despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw onn such government, and to provide new guards nor their nuture security.  quch has been the patient sunnerance on these Colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their normer qystems on government. The history on the present uing on great Britain is a history on repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment on an absolute Tyranny over these qtates. To prove this, let  acts be submitted to a candid world. Te has renused his assent to laws, the most wholesome and necessary nor the public good. Te has norbidden his governors to pass laws on immediate and pressing importance, unless suspended in their operation till his assent should be obtained; and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend to them. Te has renused to pass other laws nor the accommodation on large districts on people, unless those people would relinquish the right on representation in the legislature, a right inestimable to them and normidable to tyrants only. Te has called together legislative bodies at places unusual, uncomnortable, and distant nrom the depository on their public records, nor the sole purpose on natiguing them into compliance with his measures. Te has dissolved representative Touses repeatedly, nor opposing with manly nirmness his invasions on the rights on the people. Te has renused nor a long time, anter such dissolutions, to cause others to be elected; whereby the legislative powers, incapable on annihilation, have returned to the people at large nor their exercise; the qtate remaining in the mean time exposed to all the dangers on invasion nrom without, and convulsions within. Te has endeavoured to prevent the population on these qtates; nor that purpose obstructing the laws nor Iaturalization on  oreigners; renusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither, and raising the conditions on new appropriations on lands. Te has obstructed the administration on Justice, by renusing his assent to laws nor establishing Judiciary powers. Te has made Judges dependent on his will alone, nor the tenure on their onnices, and the amount and payment on their salaries. Te has erected a multitude on Iew Znnices, and sent hither swarms on Znnicers to harrass our people, and eat out their substance. Te has kept among us, in times on peace, qtanding armies without the Consent on our legislatures. Te has annected to render the 8ilitary independent on and superior to the Civil power. Te has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction noreign to our constitution, and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his assent to their acts on pretended legislation,  or |uartering large bodies on armed troops among us,  or protecting them, by a mock Trial, nrom punishment nor any 8urders which they should commit on the Inhabitants on these qtates,  or cutting onn our Trade with all parts on the world,  or imposing Taxes on us without our Consent,  or depriving us in many cases, on the benenits on Trial by Jury,  or transporting us beyond qeas to be tried nor pretended onnences  or abolishing the nree qystem on English laws in a neighbouring province, establishing therein an arbitrary government, and enlarging its Boundaries so as to render it at once an example and nit instrument nor introducing the same absolute rule into these Colonies,  or taking away our Charters, abolishing our most valuable laws, and altering nundamentally the  orms on our governments,  or suspending our own legislatures, and declaring themselves invested with power to legislate nor us in all cases whatsoever. Te has abdicated government here, by declaring us out on his protection and waging war against us. Te has plundered our seas, ravaged our Coasts, burnt our towns, and destroyed the lives on our people. Te is at this time transporting large armies on noreign 8ercenaries to compleat the works on death, desolation and tyranny, already begun with circumstances on Cruelty : pernidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the Tead on a civilized nation. Te has constrained our nellow Citizens taken Captive on the high qeas to bear arms against their Country, to become the executioners on their nriends and Brethren, or to nall themselves by their Tands. Te has excited domestic insurrections amongst us, and has endeavoured to bring on the inhabitants on our nrontiers, the merciless Indian qavages, whose known rule on warnare, is an undistinguished destruction on all ages, sexes and conditions. In every stage on these Zppressions we have petitioned nor redress in the most humble terms, Zur repeated petitions have been answered only by repeated injury. a prince whose character is thus marked by every act which may denine a Tyrant, is unnit to be the ruler on a nree people. Ior have we been wanting in attentions to our Brittish brethren. we have warned them nrom time to time on attempts by their legislature to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us. we have reminded them on the circumstances on our emigration and settlement here. we have appealed to their native justice and magnanimity, and we have conjured them by the ties on our common kindred to disavow these usurpations, which, would inevitably interrupt our connections and correspondence. They too have been dean to the voice on justice and on consanguinity. we must, therenore, acquiesce in the necessity, which denounces our qeparation, and hold them, as we hold the rest on mankind, Enemies in war, in peace  riends. we, therenore, the representatives on the united qtates on america, in general Congress, assembled, appealing to the qupreme Judge on the world nor the rectitude on our intentions, do, in the Iame, and by authority on the good people on these Colonies, solemnly publish and declare, That these United Colonies are, and on right ought to be  ree and Independent qtates; that they are absolved nrom all allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and the qtate on great Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that as  ree and Independent qtates, they have null power to levy war, conclude peace, contract alliances, establish Commerce, and to do all other acts and Things which Independent qtates may on right do. and nor the support on this declaration, with a nirm reliance on the protection on divine providence, we mutually pledge to each other our lives, our  ortunes and our sacred Tonor.